He continued to pursue the funding and determined, well, yes, with some little extra auxiliary enterprise money in it and so forth, that we could go ahead with the runway.
But I thought that was pretty interesting that he dug his heels in and he would not take no for an answer.
So is it $10,000?
$10,000.
A little over $10,000.
And that 747 can land out there right now.
Can't take off, load it.
Under the old runway, it couldn't, but it probably can now.
Yeah, it can now.
All right, what were your, looking back on all those years, what were your proudest moments?
You're saying, I'm proud I was a part of what?
You're talking about at A&M now.
Of course, becoming a major general in the Air Force had to be very close to the top.
But obviously, I would think of A&M being made a full vice president of Texas A&M was the thing that I'm the proudest of.
But what specific... Oh, you're talking about accomplishments within that area?
Yes.
Oh, that's a tough one.
There's so many things that I've...
People I worked with were a great source of pride for me.
Who were the ones at the top of this?
The people that reported directly to me as Vice President had a great deal of pride.
I had a great deal of pride in that.
Joe Estill, Bob Wyatt, Jean Ray, Grounds Maintenance.
Mary Helen Bowers reported to me for a while, did an excellent job.
Are your other subordinates that you're proud of?
Throughout my career, I would say Fred Dollar would have to be very close to the top because he was just such a great guy and did such a wonderful job.
Steve Hodge is another guy that rubs a lot of people the wrong way because of his abrasive nature.
I tell everyone he's got the personality of a New York cab driver.
He's from New York.
I hired him from a little university in the south near the Brooklyn Bridge on Manhattan Island called Pace University, a small place.
But when the Rudder Theater Complex was nearing completion, we had a consultant named John Dittimore who was from Purdue, ran the Hall of Music at Purdue.
And one of his jobs was to recommend staffing for the theater complex.
And he says, I gave you one name, and if you can't get him, then I'll give you some other names.
But Steve Hodge was the name he gave as being the best qualified man in the entire country to do what we wanted to have done, and he's proven that to be so.
Mike, I also want to record on here.
I was on the committee for the planning of the MSC expansion in the Rudder Tower, and I remember when the architect unveiled his plans for us, Ed Romanek
then the dean of architecture, or whatever the title was, asked about what kind of parking.
Well, that wasn't part of my charge.
And he was saying, wait, a good architect plans how people get there.
Absolutely.
Now, that expansion,
The Rudder tower and all has functioned quite well, hasn't it?
Indeed it has.
It's been an outstanding.
The only problem we ever had was that we've had terrible trouble with leaks on the roof of that theater complex.
Oh, really?
And we've had, in fact, they tried for years to fix the leaks, so finally they just redid the whole thing.
Oh, okay.
You're talking about the Rudder concert hall and the theater and all that?
Yes, yes.
That structure?
Right.
Everything on that side of the tower.
And the exhibit hall and all the theaters leaked.
And we never really knew why.
But they finally wound up fixing it by just replacing the whole thing.
A very expensive project.
What have I left out about your professional?
What else should we have chatted about?
Oh my goodness.
I think probably where I developed what few management skills I had was at Sears and as manager of the bookstore.
And those skills that I picked up in those two jobs helped me all through the rest of my career, both here and in the Air Force.
I'm assuming that also your Air Force experience helped your people.
Without a doubt.
I had some great responsibility in the Air Force.
Most people don't realize what an important role the Reserves play in the Air Force, but it's a predominant part of the Air Force now.
We've been involved in every conflict since, well, since.
And although we're not full-time, we're just up to our neck in responsibility.
And it was a great management training field for me.
Now we're back to the mainstream and we're getting closer.
Do you have any Aggie ring stories about your ring?
The only thing I have is that most people in my class, the seal is almost worn completely smooth and mine is not.
And most people say, you know, don't you ever work in your ring?
I never take it off.
The company that makes our ratings is called Balfour.
And at the time, and until this day I presume, they're handled through the Association of Former Students.
But Balfour did a great deal of business with the exchange store.
And they had a guy that was
a close friend of Buck Wirus, and his name was, what was his name?
I thought I'd never forget it.
But anyway, he was the representative for the Belfort Company and the vice president because this was by far their largest ring account.
In fact, A&M ring account is larger than all the rest of their university ring accounts put together.
Well, he was in my office one day and he said, Chuck, your ring's almost smooth.
I said, yeah, it surely is.
He said, we have a procedure that we can take a fine saw and saw off that seal and sweat another seal on and the ring will be the original ring with your original inscription inside.
So I think it cost me $50 at the time to have that done.
And so the seal on my ring is a replacement seal, but the ring itself is the original ring.
You're not one of those that lost it and was found?
No, I've never lost it.
Do you have any Aggie ring memories where in a conversation or a first introduction having that ring on open a door?
Don't remember anything specifically, but it comes up all the time, even to this day.
You know, especially with some of the younger kids that are still in school.
They'll always, almost invariably ask, what class are you in?
You know, that's the opening comment.
What's your class?
And you say, class of 53.
Well, I had a dad that was in class of 83 or something like that.
And so it is a very definite topic of conversation.
What contributes so much to Aggie spirits?
I think back when I was a student, it was because we were all in the same boat together.
And all we had was each other.
And that develops a great camaraderie, a feeling of camaraderie.
but it continues with others.
Yeah, and I don't know unless it's the fact that we live, you know, even though Bryan and College Station is still a growing community and so much larger than when I was here, it's still a small town by big city standards.
And the kids still have, they depend on each other and trust each other, and fish camp has a whole lot to do with that.
I would agree with you entirely on fish.
What are the other events that contribute to this unity?
It has to be some of the staples like Munster and Silver Taps and all the athletic events, especially football, that bring the students together.
They've had a lot of things now that we didn't have such as the work day that they have, the march to the Brazos for various philanthropic type activities that we didn't have.
And so all those things bring them together.
Of course, the core, I guess, is the single biggest unifying activity on the campus, even still.
As you see the institution now and its current students and recent graduates, do you feel that there is still the pride and the spirit?
I think so, yes.
And I say that just as an outside observer because I've been retired for 12 years now, if you can imagine that.
But yes, I would say the spirit is definitely there.
Maybe they may not know each other on a personal basis the way we did because the school was so small when I was a student here that we knew an awful lot of people by name.
Okay, three questions left.
What did it mean to you in your life that you attended Texas A&M?
Well, I probably wouldn't be retired with all the good memories that I have now.
I'd probably still be working in some menial job somewhere.
I would say that, well, it's meant more to me than a way to make a living.
It's meant a lot of friends, and it's a real sad time right now for me.
because so many of my close, close friends are dying.
My roommate died this last year.
He was the best man at my wedding, you know.
Several other of my very, very close friends in the Corps have died within the last two or three years.
And so, but it brings home the fact that they did mean so much to you.
And I'd say that
Most of my close memories were developed through the Corps.
And of course, in my days, the Corps and the university were synonymous terms.
If someone gave you a million dollar check now and put only one specificity on it, you must give this to Texas A&M, but you decide what uses to be made of it, what would you tell A&M to do with your gift?
I'd probably give half of it to the core endowment fund.
The other half probably in scholarships.
For?
For.
Who gets them?
Of course, being a graduate of the College of Business, which is what is now the College of Business, I would probably, the bulk of it would go to that.
Last question.
What feelings do you have in your heart for Texas A&M?
Well, the question chokes me up.
Not the only answer I can give you.